				  plot1d

Plot1d provides python user with a flexible multiline plot package through 
using the high quality plot package 'matplotlib'. It also provide simple
analysis features like least square fitting and statistic calculation. 

The GUI is implemented through using Tkinter and Pmw. It can load any type 
of vector text data into plot1d whether the data is row or column oriented 
vector.

By default plot1d assumed that column oriented vector array in the text
file and the first column (0) contains the X vector. If the data set is 
row oriented vector, a user can simply use the 'Row Oriented'
entry from Setup menu to convert the row data into column data internally.
Zero based index sequence number used in arrays and vectors.

A sequence of check buttons will be created when a ascii file is
loaded in.  For each column vector there associates a checkbutton for it.
The total number of checkbuttons reflects the total number of curves 
found in the ascii file. By default only the first two curves are selected 
for plot a user can easily to change the selections by checkbutton or setup 
menu.

				File Menu

Load Ascii Data...	- use file selection dialog to pick a file, by default
			  it assumed column oriented data in ASCII file
Print Plot1d.jpg	- created plot1d.jpg and send the color jpg file to a
			  PS printer through pilprinter.py program
Printer...		- dialog to override the default PS printer
Quit			- exit the plot1d program


				Setup Menu

Display Ascii File...	- display text contents of a picked ascii data file
			  to provide convenient varification of column or 
			  row data array and plot curves
Row Oriented 		- treat ascii file as row oriented data array 
Column Oriented 	- treat ascii file as column oriented data arrayy
			     (default this is assumed)
Select All Checkbutton	- select all curve check buttons to be plotted
Select None Checkbutton	- deselect all checked curve buttons 

				PlotOption Menu

Line Style On		- checkbutton for using different line styles 
Grid Line On		- checkbutton for drawing grid line
Log Xaxis On		- checkbutton for logarith X axis
Log Yaxis On		- checkbutton for logarith Y axis
Symbol On		- checkbutton whether to plot symbols with curve
Setup Symbol...		- a dialog to modify the default curve symbols

				Legend Menu

Legend On		 - checkbutton whether to plot legend or not 
Default Legend Location  - a collection of radiobutton to set default 
			   legend location
User Legend Location...  - a dialog to set the desired legend location
Setup Legend Labels...   - a dialog to set the legend strings for plotting

				Analysis Menu

Analysis ...	- dialog to setup statistics calulation for desired curve
Fitting ... 	- dialog to setup polynomial fitting for desired curve
Histogram ... 	- dialog to setup histogram plot for desired curve
Errorbar ... 	- dialog to setup errorbar plot for desired curve

			Polynomial Fitting Dialog

Curve # to be fitted:   - field to specify the curve number
Polynomial order #:	- field to specify order of fitted polynomial 
Ok Button		- accept entry fields and performed fitting calculation
Close Button		- terminate the fitting dialog
Output Title		- field to specify the plot title for fitted result
Output Xlabel		- field to specify the plot xlabel for fitted result
Output Ylabel		- field to specify the plot ylabel for fitted result
Output Fitting Coeffs   - field to display coeficients of fitted result
 
				Help Menu

About ...	- help about the progrm information
Balloon Help	- checkbutton for balloon info about each menu and button
Help Info...	- pops on line help about plot1d program

			Curve Plot Control Label Widgets

Title 		- enter plot title and update current figure 
Xlabel		- enter new xlabel and updagte current figure
Ylabel		- enter new ylabel and updagte current figure
Xrange: Xmin	- enter X starting value for plot
Xrange: Xmax	- enter X ending value for plot
Yrange: Ymin	- enter Y starting value for plot
Yrange: Ymax	- enter Y ending value for plot
X Column Seq#	- specify the column seq # for X vector in data array
		  default 0 indicates first column contains X vector
		  use -1 to indicate file contains no X vector
X Row Seq#	- specify the row seq # for X vector in data array
		  default -1 indicates file contains no X vector in file


				Curve Check Buttons

CheckButtons    - collection of check buttons are created when an ASCII
		  file is loaded in, one button per defined curve 
		  By default only first 2 curves are picked, a user can
		  configure the line plot by select/deselect any curve 
		  as user prefered

				Command Button Row

Close 		- close and exit the plot1d program 
Plot Curves	- plot checked column vectors with current control setting,
		  each time a new multi-line plot window is generated
Subplots	- plot checked column vectors as subplots, at most 9 subplots
		  can be drawn, each time a new subplot window is generated
CloseFigures	- automatically close all plot/figure windows 


