				pviewer

This is an integrated scan data visualization tool written in Python
language. It provides user with various plot features on displaying MDA 
scan data or any 1D/2D ASCII data array. It provides multi-line 1D data 
and 2D image plotter. It also allowed user to invoke any system command
tool through using Tools menu. The 'ScanTools' menu allows user to access 
various scan tools supported by BCDA.

The pviewer can accept any report file generated by scanSee, catcher, 
yviewer or pviewer program.

It can accept any other ASCII file, as long as it satisfies the following
rules:
The comment line must be started with ';' or '#' at column 1.
Only the lines without comment character are treated as real data lines.
Every data line should contains exactly same number of columns.
For 2D image data, the X or Y vector can be defined in a comment line
as shown in ascii file generated by pviewer. 


				File Menu

Quit		Save pviewer.config file and exit the pviewer application
Open Ascii...  	Select the desired ASCII file and display the text
		 content in the scrolled main window
Open MDA...    	Select the desired MDA file and display the defined
		 detectors info in the main scolled window

				Setup Munu

Color Table...        Dialog to display and select the desired color table, 
		      default is item 39 Rainbow + white, temporary file 
		      'pal.dat' is used to store the selected color table
Name Legend...        Dialog to modify the legend name to be used in multi-line
	 	      plot.
Toggle Image Up/Down  Toggle plot image upside down

				ViewMDA

Multi-line 1D Plot... Generate MDA 1D ascii report and call plotAscii.py program	
PanImages...          Pass MDA 2D image array to panimage plotter
Pick Di Image...      Dialog to pick detector and pass image to plot2d program

				MDAReports

MDA 1D Report...      Generate MDA 1D ascii report and display the file in 
		      the main scrolled text window
MDA 2D Report...      Generate MDA 2D ascii image report for each defined 
		      detector and display the last generated file in the main 
		      scrolled text window 
MDA 2D1D Report...    Generate seperate MDA 1D ascii report for from 2D data array 
		      detector and display the last generated file in the main 
		      scrolled text window 
MDA to IGOR Report... Generate MDA 2D image report in IGOR format and display 
		      the file in main scrolled	text window

				ViewAscii

Multi-line Plotter..	   Pass the ascii data to multi-line plot program 
			   plotAscii.py
Extract & Modify Legend... Dialog to extract legend from comment line if
			   defined in ascii file
TV Image ...		   Display data as 300x300 TV image	


				Ascii2Image

Plot2D...			Pass 2D data column directly to plot2d program
X,Y Range for image...	        Dialog set X,Y range and pass X,Y,Data to
				plot2d program
X,Y Line vector from mdaAscii file... Extracted X,Y vector from comment lines
				from image text file generated by pviewer 
 				and pass X,Y,Data to plot2d program 
X column,Y line ,DATA column from ascii file...
				Define X column seq, Y line and start column
				seq number, and  Data start column seq number
				from scanSee/catcher/yviewer generated image
				file and pass X,Y,Data to plot2d program


				ScanTools

Python plot.py ... Run python program plot.py implemented by Tim Mooney
idlvm sscan ...    Run scanSee program for IDLVM 6.0
idlvm catcher ...  Run catcher program for IDLVM 6.0 
idlvm mca ...      Run MCA program for IDLVM 6.0 


				Tools

start_epics ...	   Run the start_epics script
Command Dialog...  Dialog for entering any valid system command or tools

				Help

About...	    Show pviewer program info
Balloon Help	    Toggle balloon help on or off
pviewer_help.txt... Show this on-line help message


